Error masking release (#141)
AdobeDocs/graphql-mesh-gateway: src/pages/gateway/release-notes.md

The following sections indicate when updates were made to API Mesh for Adobe Developer App Builder. Refer to the [Upgrade version](upgrade.md) for more information on upgrading versions.

## June 27, 2023

This release contains the following changes to API Mesh:

### Bug fixes

> - Resolved an issue where error details from GraphQL sources appeared as a generic error. API Mesh will now forward the error details from the GraphQL source.s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resolved an issue where error details from GraphQL sources appeared as a generic error. API Mesh now forwards the error details from the GraphQL source.
```
